Updating Teams emergency calling and call routing policy PS cmdlet files (#8722)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/New-CsTeamsEmergencyNumber.md

## SYNTAX

```
New-CsTeamsEmergencyNumber [-EmergencyDialString <String>] [-EmergencyDialMask <String>]
 [-OnlinePSTNUsage <String>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

>  This cmdlet supports to create multiple Teams emergency numbers. Used with TeamsEmergencyCallRoutingPolicy and 
>  only relevant for Direct Routing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 This cmdlet supports creating multiple Teams emergency numbers. Used with TeamsEmergencyCallRoutingPolicy and only relevant for Direct Routing.
```
